Was sponsored by Wix. Okay, hear me out. I bet a lot of you are like, really a video on goats you're running out of ideas. No, absolutely not. The guilt that goats belong to Karina is the guilt that developed some of the best equipment in the game, including some best in slot head gear. They are excellent Oneonone Dualists often being able to defeat opponents that would squash them if not for their special abilities. Excellent PvP techniques first they're special abilities. Now, not all of these are directly combat related, but all of them are awesome, for example they're absurdly effective climbing abilities. So when trying to stack into the climbing skill, tree you generally want to pick abilities like hooks claws, cling pads, prehensile tales or something like that. Catherines have none of this honestly out. But they've managed to back into some pretty high level climbing abilities without wasting any evolution points on the classic class in perks, it really is something special. Their hoops are perfect for digging into mountain size and their slender form allows them to balance in places that other players would have. No way of getting to now. This doesn't mean that they're completely safe from fall damage climbing as a movement option in the mountain servers will always be risky and personally adopt for a flying build. If I were to choose that as my home server. But Catherines definitely have the best Midweight mammal build for the job. There are special hooves and negate the mobility penalty to other players such as the ones hunting them incur, so as long as they stay alert and don't get ambushed. They should have no trouble evading other Groundbased. Predator builds another ability that they have when it comes to predator. Evasion is their eyes. There are quite a few different options. You can choose when you're creating your character for example, if you're playing as an ambush Predator, you probably want vertical slits since this grants an accuracy bonus or if you're mostly active at night. You probably want pupils as large as possible. That way you don't incur the accuracy Debuff from the darkness or if you're a Cuttlefish. You probably want squiggly lines for pupils because, honestly, I don't know why they have this anyway. Go it's opted for a horizontal pupil, which gives them a much wider field of view. Letting them see enemies that are approaching from behind their eyes also have the ability to rotate in their head so that they can maintain surveillance. Even when they tilt their head down to graze, okay. Now for their main combat ability, Catherine have an extremely powerful defensive ability called cranial cushion. This ability gives them your total immunity to blunt force damage as long as they block the incoming attack with their head attacks that would one shot. Most players can be shrugged off by Catherines. Allowing them to fend off more powerful bills and sometimes even outright win deals are that, of course, this does have its limitations. Like I said before, this only defends them from attacks from the front they're still completely vulnerable from the size. So if your opponent matches to cross you up and get around your defense you're quite vulnerable. This also leaves you highly vulnerable to team strategies as it's impossible to block attacks from two different directions at once, it also does eventually run out. So know your limits before you challenge another captain player to a duel. But overall super useful passive abilities to have and definitely elevates their viability in the current meta it. But what really gets them into high tier? Is their signature move? Skull Bash most Herbivore man stick with the standard charge attack to deal damage. Some also speck into kick, which is really good since a lot of the smaller rush down players tend to focus their attacks on the hind quarters. But for maximum damage against a single target, the Catherine special technique is necessary. You have to briefly switch to the upright stamps before initiating the attack. So obviously it has a lot of startup flag, but if you land the hit, it could be absolutely devastating. I think Catherine's average around be tier with a few low tier and a few high tier bills, for example, I definitely put the fainting goat into F tier since. Fainting is perhaps one of the worst defensive moves in the game. I'd also rate the domestic sheep build as FQ due to his absolutely abysmal intelligence. And I do mean abysmal sheep have such low intelligence that they can even be defeated by Bramble bushes if you're an Herbivore player and you get beat by your prey. You should probably choose a new main. As for high tier Catherines, first there's the mountain goat, which has the highest mobility of any building a mountain server. Next there's the bighorn sheep, which has the highest power stat of any Catherine and is the one known for pioneering. The skull Bash technique last there's. The eye back another excellent Dulas build that trades a little bit of power for increased range on his foreign hit box, so hopefully now you understand that Catherine's like goats and sheep deserve just as much respect as other high tier bills. And, in fact, are some of the best PvP builds in the game and have slipped under the radar for far too long it's easy to slip under the radar and not reach your full potential if other people don't have somewhere to go to see a showcase of your best stuff.