Was ponsored by waks or r? Okay. Here me out, i bet a lot of you are like really a video on goats you're running out ideas, hu! No, absolutely not! The gilt that goats belong to caparne is the gild that developed some of the best equipment in the game goodysome best in slogt head gear. They are excellent on one duelists, often beng able to defeat upon rebend squash them, if not for their special abilities and excellent pbp techniques. First theie special abilities. Now not all of these are directly combat related, but all f them are awesome. For example, ther obsurdly, effective, climbing avility, so when trying to spec into the climbing stil tree, you generally want to pick abilltyous like hooks claus, cling pads, preentil tales or something like that. Caperns have not this honestly qu out, but they've matched ta specuism, pretty high level. Plimbiny bilities, without wasting any evolution, points on the classic clambing purs. It really is something special ther whoofs are perfect for digginginto mountainsides and their slender form allows them to balance in places that other players would have on away of getting to now. The soesn't nead that there completely safe from fall, demage flimbing as a movement option in tha mountain servers will always be risky and personally i dout for a flying buill. If i were to choose that at my home server, but caperin's definitely have the best midwave manal bild for the job. There especial hoods in the gate, them willbility penalty, that other players, such as the ones hunting them in par. So as long as they stay alert and don't get amblush, they should have no trouble evading other ground, baced predator bilds, another ability that they have when it comes to predator ovation his their eyes. There are quite few different y options you can choose when you're creating your character, for example, if youre playing as an amblish predator, you probably want vertical slits since this grancs, an accuracy bonus or ah o, mostly active at night. You probably want pupils as large as possible that way you don't encour the accura, so debuf from the darkness or if you're a culfish. You probably want sweatly lines for pupils, because i sa don't know why they have this anyway, go to opte for a horizontal pupil, which gives them a much wider field of view. Letting then see anemies that are approaching from behind their eyes, also have the ability to rotate in their head so that they can maintain surveillance even when they till their head down to grades orgay now for their main, combat thaf tility, the caperine's having extremely poerful defensive Ability called creol cushion this ability gives them your total immunitive blunt force tamage as long as they block he in coming attack with their head attaxks that would wan shot. Most players can be srugged off lyke caferits, alowing him to fend off more pawtul bills and sometimes even out bight renbe course. This does have its limitation, like i said before this. Only defense them from a tax from the front therre still completely vulnerable from the sides. So if youre point maches tecross robin get around your defense, youre quite vulnerable, this also leaves you highly vulnerable tea t, io ru, so no you'r e another caprn player to a doel but overall super useful, passive abilly to have and deafinine lhe elevates their fiability in The current meadopit, but what really gets them entie tear, is there signature, moved sculbash most ar reformain stick with the standard charge attack to deal damage, some also specking to kic, which is really good. Since a lot of the smaller rushd um players tend to focus their attacks on the hond quarters, but for matome damage against tha single target. The caperns special technique is necessary. You have to briefly switch to the uprights sdance before anitiating the attack. So obviously it has a lot of start of lag, but if you land the hit, it could be absolutely devastating. I think caterne's average around be ter with a few lotier in a few high teer bills. For example, i definitely put the fainting goat into fter said spainting, his perhaps one of the worst defensive moves in the game. I'D also rate the domestic sheep build as ftited due to his absolutely abysmal intelligence, and i do mean a busmal. She hav such low intelligence. Sad, they can evein be defeated by bramblebusches if youre averwork player and you get beep by your prey, you should probably choose a new main as for high tear caperins. First there's the mountain gof, which has the high smobility of any building the mountain server. Next, there's the big hordsheep, which has the highest power step of any caperine and is the one known for pioneering the stoll bach technique. Last there's the eyebecks another excellent dulest built a trays a little bit of power for increased range on its poorn id bons. So hopefully ow you understand that caperin's, like dos and cheep deserved just as much espect as other high te, a builts and, in fact are some of the best peevi peopil in the game and have slipped under the radar for far too long. It'S easy tos slip under the radar and not reach your full potential. If father people don't have somewhere to go to see a showcase of your best stuff, 